Cenon.app - Graphics Software with Style
http://www.Cenon.info
http://www.Cenon.com
http://www.Cenon.eu
http://www.Cenon.ph
http://www.Cenon.asia
http://www.Cenon.biz
http://www.Cenon.at
http://www.Cenon.ch

Version 4.0.2
2013-04-10


Files

COPYRIGHT  the copyrights
NEWS	   some news
README	   this file
INSTALL	   how to install Cenon from source
LICENSE	   the vhf public license (vhfPL)


Cenon

Cenon is a vector graphics tool for Apple, GNUstep, and OpenStep. It is built
upon a modular graphics core, and offers a variety of applications beyond
vector graphics and desktop publishing (DTP).
Cenon can import, export, and convert DXF, PostScript, ISO/DIN, HPGL, Gerber, SVG, etc.


Key Features

- Import of many graphic formats like PostScript (PS, EPS), DXF, Gerber, HPGL,
  PDF, SVG, Drill Data (Excellon, Sieb & Meyer etc.), Type 1-Fonts,
  as well as most bitmap formats.
- Export of many formats like PostScript (PS, EPS), DXF, Gerber, HPGL
- Vector graphics conversion in all directions
- join, punch, contour building, ...
- DTP functions like color shading,
  exposing images, rich text, and many more.
- pre-printing processing including color separation and crop marks
- Raster image to vector conversion (vectorization)
- Type 1 Font Editing. Not very comfortable, but it works, and
  integrates nicely into Cenon. All of the vhf engraving fonts are created
  with Cenon.
- Open Source


Additional modules / flavors

- Cenon CAM (commercial)
  This is how Cenon started in 1992 - as a manufacturing software.
  Cenon is an industrial strength manufacturing software and at home
  in most areas of manufacturing (Sign-Making, Model-Making, Electronics,
  Industry, ...).
  With 1000 installations world wide, Cenon CAM is an element in almost
  any industrial sector and helps building the major commercial products
  of society, be it airplanes, cars, or shower cabinets.
  (see http://www.cenon.biz for more info).
- Cenon Astro (free in the base version)
  This is an astrological plug-in for Cenon which allows the creation of
  astrological charts. It applies the NASA ephemeris data in form of the
  swiss ephemeris library.


Installation

see the file INSTALL for how to install Cenon from source code.


Authors

Georg Fleischmann
Ilonka Fleischmann


Copyright (C) 1992 - 2013 by
vhf interservice GmbH
